FF151 Relnote: DocumentPictureInPicture API (#43880)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/151/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### APIs

- The [Document Picture-in-Picture API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Picture-in-Picture_API) is now supported on desktop platforms.

>   This makes it possible to open an always-on-top popup window that can be populated with arbitrary HTML content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This makes it possible to open an always-on-top window that can be populated with arbitrary HTML content.
```

Author: @dipikabh Can you explain the reasoning for removing this?

I chose popup here because the popup lifetime is tied to the lifetime of the underlying thing that launched it (you can also launch with a UI to add a button to signal that the window should be closed and appear back in the main document). 

If you don't say popup the window generally might be assumed to have independent life. Note though, you're not wrong to question this -popup semantics in web have never been clear to me.

Reviewer: I suggested removing that based on a quick check: the experimental features note we're removing described it as "an always-on-top window", and the linked page at https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Picture-in-Picture_API also doesn't use "popup"

Author: Thanks very much. Given that, and that popup isn't well defined on MDN, what I'm going to do is link to the page that explains what we specifically mean by "always on top" for this windwo.

```suggestion
  This makes it possible to open an [always-on-top window](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Picture-in-Picture_API#how_does_it_work) that can be populated with arbitrary HTML content.
```

Reviewer: good idea 👍
